r/Poultry/Grilled_Chicken_Sandwich_Marinade.md, before:

# Grilled Chicken Sandwich Marinade

######  Yield: 4-6 sandwiches
######  Time:  15 minutes prep, 1-5 hour marinade, 15 minutes cook

##  *Ingredients*
- 1.5 pounds chicken breasts
- 4 sesame seed buns
- 1/4 cup honey mustard sauce
- lettuce, tomatoes, onions optional

### Marinade
- 1 tablespoon brown sugar
- 3 tablespoons vegetable oil
- 2 tablespoons cider vinegar
- 1 tablespoon dijon mustard
- 1 teaspoon garlic powder
- 1/2 teaspoon salt & pepper each 

##  *Directions*
1. Pound chicken breasts to 1/2 inch thickness.
2. Combine all marinade ingredients in a bowl or freezer bag. Add chicken and toss well to combine. Marinade for 1-5 hours.
3. Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
4. Place chicken on the grill for 5-6 minutes per side until no pink remains and chicken reaches 165F.
5. While chicken is grilling, brush buns with olive oil and place face down on the grill. Lightly toast.
6. Spread each bun with honey mustard and add lettuce, tomatoes and onions if desired. Top with chicken and serve.

Commit message:

Added avocado to grilled chicken sandwiches

r/Poultry/Grilled_Chicken_Sandwich_Marinade.md, after:

# Grilled Chicken Sandwich Marinade

######  Yield: 4-6 sandwiches
######  Time:  15 minutes prep, 1-5 hour marinade, 15 minutes cook

##  *Ingredients*
- 1.5 pounds chicken breasts
- 4 sesame seed buns
- 1/4 cup honey mustard sauce
<!--  -->
- 1 avocado
- lemon juice
- lettuce, tomatoes, onions optional

### Marinade
- 1 tablespoon brown sugar
- 3 tablespoons vegetable oil
- 2 tablespoons cider vinegar
- 1 tablespoon dijon mustard
- 1 teaspoon garlic powder
- 1/2 teaspoon salt & pepper each 

##  *Directions*
1. Pound chicken breasts to 1/2 inch thickness.
2. Combine all marinade ingredients in a bowl or freezer bag. Add chicken and toss well to combine. Marinade for 1-5 hours.
3. Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
4. Place chicken on the grill for 5-6 minutes per side until no pink remains and chicken reaches 165F.
5. While chicken is grilling, brush buns with olive oil and place face down on the grill. Lightly toast.
6. Mash avocado and mix in 2 tablespoons lemon juice.
7. Spread each bun with honey mustard and top with chicken. Add avocado mix, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions as desired.
